---
date: 2022-10-19
author: eduardo
title: Solving For Business Goals
description: Expertise provided to small businesses is one of the most important service in solving for specific scalability goals.
categories: business
tags: skills problems solutions
image: https://unsplash.com/photos/fzOITuS1DIQ/download?ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MXxzZWFyY2h8Mnx8YnVzaW5lc3MlMjBwcm9ibGVtfGVufDB8fHx8MTY2NjIyMDk1NA&force=true&w=1920
---

It may be overwhelming to know that LinkedIn has over 13 million management consultants listed. These numbers point to an obvious problem if you are a small business leader trying to find the right advisor to help you with your business goals. When you finally decide on a consultant from this vast list, how can you be certain that they will have the skills needed to help you solve your business problem? Compada is designed to help small organizations cut through the noise and find the right Advisor with the skill set needed to align their boldest business goals and pave the way to success. Our Advisors bring strategic perspectives with first hand experience to help the modern business meet their growth and scalability objectives.

## How do you pick the right Advisor?

Simply select from the list of business goals and problem areas and find top matches from our list of Compada certified Advisors.

Compada Advisors are working professionals who have access to resources and methodologies to help you with problem formulation, and designing the right path to grow or scale your business. Rest assured, that the business friction you may be experiencing already has a pre-existing solution. Compada’s advisory skills, and experiences in solution implementation will help you analyze, evaluate and capitalize on the right playbook for your business.

Expertise provided to small businesses is one of the most important in solving for specific scalability goals. Diagnosis or redefinition of the problem shouldn’t require expensive consulting firm contracts. Once the problem has been defined a Compada Advisor can assist with recommendations based on that diagnosis and even help with implementation of solutions.

By working with Compada you may find that your business is in need of facilitation or improvement of organizational effectiveness in particular areas, and not overhauls. The goal is to save you time and money by course correcting and planning strategically for the future. 
